c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\MVC-Devam.dll.config
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\MVC-Devam.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\MVC-Devam.pdb
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\obj\Debug\MVC-Devam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\obj\Debug\MVC-Devam.dll
c:\users\ogrenci\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC-Devam\MVC-Devam\obj\Debug\MVC-Devam.pdb
